This file will outline the data involves and how it will be used to address the issue. 

1. Data to be involved

A. Foursquare location data

Foursquare location data will be used to obtain the following information, especially through extracting information related to the neighborhood and most common venues nearby. 

Apart from having an overview, I would also cluster the regions to facilitate more location-specific decision-making. 

> Competition
I would like to have an idea of the frequency and nature of the shops in the selected neighborhoods. This would help decide if heated competition would be expected or not. 

> Transport modes
Transportation details would also be obtained through the Foursquare location data. This would be one of the key concerns, because I would like to ensure the customers would have convenient public transport if they want to avoid driving after having a drink. 

> Surroundings or landmarks to drive customer traffic
It would be interesting to see if the nearby venues include recreational and sightseeing spots, which would add extra value to having a shop with better scenary or attractions to get more potential customers during weekdays and weekends. 

> Generating map
I will be able to generate map to visualise the details of the neighborhood, as well as to have a spatial sense of those clusters. 


B. Wikipedia data
I would need to get the information from the List of Districts in Hong Kong on Wikipedia.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Districts_of_Hong_Kong

This would provide the district information for reference, including location, population density, household income level. The demographic information would provide business insights.

For example, I may not select the districts with extremely low income, low population density, because the coffee shop+whisky bar concept is non-essential business, and therefore, it would not be a popular option among the districts residing low income group. While there are such cases in those districts already and obviously the rental cost would be much lower, I personally do not want to gentrify those areas by joining those competitors, as this would be indetriment to the lives of those already under-privileged groups. 
